Some aspects to consider:

-There are seven (7) predefined meshes available, which were generated in the GiD's preprocessor. For both 10x10 meshes, some special 
 treatment is performed in order to make them compatible with the main program structure (during the mesh generation, the preprocesor 
 changes the order of some groups of nodes). Altough, the meshing generation process could be cumbersome (the edges with prescribed flow 
 separation must be selected one by one!).

-Please, only use positive angles of attack (AoA) or modify the code to solve for negative ones...(it is related to the location of the 
 nascent vortex; the vortons are created over but not under the plate).

-The post-stall condition (detachment model 2) is under development, thus is not working properly yet. Must be determined the way to 
 correctly assembly the system of equations (treatment of the plate's leading edge) and the hydrodynamic load calculation. Related to 
 this last, an additional scheme is being implemented based on the procedure described in "Simulation of the Aerodynamics of Buildings 
 and Structures by means of the Closed Vortex Loop Method" (Gutnikov, 2006).

-Parameter Phi (in uppercase) is related to the total wake length. For example, to obtain a steady-state solution (if one is supposed to 
 exist), you must use large values (e.g., 40). To capture the unsteady behavior from the first iterations, a lower value (e.g., 0.1) 
 must be used; the default one is 1. On the other side, the parameter phi (in lowercase) is related to the first wake row length. Large 
 values throw far downstream to the first layer of vortons, deforming the grid sharply. A unitary value is suggested, which is also 
 related to a unitary Courant number.

-Parameter "tolerance radius" avoids obtaining an overshooted induced velocity between two close calculation points (vorton-node or 
 vorton-vorton). However, small values such as the default one (1e-8) work fine due to the well-behaved regularization functions used 
 (the cut-off model is not implemented).

-Parameter "tolerance vorticity" avoids division by zero in the variable volume scheme for the vortex stretching calculation; however, 
 higher values than the default one (1e-8) could be explored in order to avoid some instability issues (under certain conditions, some 
 vortons tend to overgrow).

-Until now, it has been assumed that viscous solutions can be perfomed through the current method; however, such a condition must be 
 proved numerically as the current development evolves (validated for the viscous region with a higher number of elements). From a 
 theoretical point of view, it could be inconvenient to consider the current scheme as valid since the diffusion of vorticity through 
 the viscosity 'would' only be applied to non-conservative fields, whereas the current ones are perfectly conservative (circulation and 
 vorticity)...let's see what happens.

-The "aero_coef.dat" output file has no headers (for easy manipulation in Excel, for example), but the first result corresponds to the 
 steady solution, while the second to the first unsteady one. The values for CL, CD and CM appear in such an order.

 BUGS:
-The line 62 of the main .f90 file must be changed from:
 read(1,*);read(1,*) input%kin_visc         ! fluid kinematic viscosity (nu; e.g., unitary)
 to:
 read(1,*);read(1,*) input%kin_visc         ! fluid kinematic viscosity (nu; e.g., 0)
 Zero viscosity must be selected for inviscid flow.

If you have more questions, please do not hesitate to contact me via e-mail.

This file will be periodically updated as needed.
                                             
